(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time for another challenge exercise
and this one is the last one for the course.
We're going to mix it up a little bit
and instead of doing our coin toss,
we'll do a different interview type question.
This time it's going to be FizzBuzz.
Now the steps to do this.
You're going to create a FizzBuzz program.
You're going to pass in as a request parameter
the highest number to test.
You will then start at zero and iterate over that list,
and every time you find a number that is divisible by three,
I want you to print "Fizz".
Every time you find a number that is divisible by five,
I want you to print "Buzz".
Otherwise, you're just going to print the number.
Now if it's divisible by three and five,
it's FizzBuzz.
At the end of your program,
I want you to return a response element,
and the response element is going to output
the number of fizzes, the number of buzzes,
and the number of FizzBuzzes
based on the number that was passed in the beginning.
Now if you really want to have some fun with this one,
you can actually connect it to an RDS type database
and actually have your lambda spit the data out
into RDS instead of into lugs or some other format.
It's just an idea.
You could do the same thing with S3, create a file,
push it to S3.
Again, it's just finding different ways
to make this course a little bit more real world
for what you'll do.
I actually have many examples of the S3 one,
so that may be an easy way to go,
and a great opportunity to play with S3,
and you're not going to spend any money,
because S3 is relatively inexpensive even in large scale.